Yusei: NOW LET'S GET UP TO SPEED
WITH "YU-GI-OH! 5D'S!"
ARE WE GONNA DUEL
OR WHAT?!
WITH PLEASURE!
IT'S MY TURN!
GO, DRILL WARRIOR!
ATTACK!
Kalin: ANYBODY MIND
IF I CUT IN?
AAH!
KALIN, YOU MADE IT!
LET'S GO!
HUH?
NOBODY ESCAPES THIS MOUNTAIN!
YOU WANNA GET OUTTA HERE?
LET ME HELP YOU.
THIS WAY, YOU CAN REALLY
GO OUT WITH A BANG!
[MOANING]
[EVIL LAUGHTER]
HEY!
WHAT'S THIS-!?
WE TIED YOU UP WHILE
YOU WERE SNORING AWAY.
HA HA!
AND WHY DID YA' DO THAT?
REMEMBER LAST NIGHT
WHEN YOU SIGNED THE DEED
OF THE TOWN OVER TO ME?
WELL, I MAY HAVE FORGOTTEN TO
MENTION THAT I WAS MARRIED TO
YOUR BROTHER.
YOU'RE MARRIED
TO LAWTON?
SHE SURE IS!
SO WHATEVER BELONGS
TO BARBARA...
WELL, IT BELONGS TO ME
AS WELL.
YOU BETRAYED ME!
Kalin: I WILL FIGHT FOR THOSE
WHO HAVE LOST THEIR FREEDOM
AND AS FOR THOSE WHO TAKE
ADVANTAGE OF THE LOST
AND THE DESPERATE...
I WILL SHOW THEM THAT JUSTICE
HAS A NAME AND A FACE!
LET'S GO SAVE
THOSE KIDS.
♪ GOING FAST MAKES ME
FEEL ALIVE ♪
♪ MY HEART BEATS
IN HYPER DRIVE ♪
♪ DO YOU THINK YOU CAN WIN?
ONLY IF I LOSE ♪
♪ JUST LET DESTINY CHOOSE ♪
♪ I CAN HEAR YOU BREATHING ♪
♪ I CAN SEE YOU COMING ♪
♪ I CAN FEEL THE WIND ♪
♪ IT'S BLOWING ME AROUND ♪
♪ TAKE A SHOT AT ME
RUNNIN' SIDE BY SIDE ♪
♪ IT'S A BLUR AS I GO BY ♪
♪ I CAN HEAR YOU BREATHING ♪
♪ I CAN SEE YOU COMING ♪
♪ I CAN FEEL THE WIND ♪
♪ IT'S BLOWING ME AROUND ♪
♪ SEE THE SUN A-RISIN' ♪
♪ FIRE IN THE SKY ♪
♪ GREATNESS THRUSTS ITSELF
INTO OUR LIVES ♪
Minion A: YOU GOT IT
UPSIDE DOWN!
Minion B: NO, I DON'T,
KNUCKLEHEAD.
YOU'RE LOOKING AT IT
FROM ABOVE.
JUST KEEP HAMMERING!
WHATEVER.
[DEVILISH LAUGHTER]
HUH?
Barbara: YOUR SERVICES ARE
NO LONGER REQUIRED, GENTLEMEN.
NOW WHICH ONE OF YOU WANTS
TO GO WORK IN THE MINES?
YOU'RE BOOTING US OUT
OF THE GANG?
THAT AIN'T RIGHT, BARB,
WE DIDN'T DO NOTHIN'!
LAWTON SAID IF WE JOINED HIS
CREW, WE COULD STICK AROUND.
THAT'S RIGHT!
Lawton: YES, INDEED,
I DID SAY THAT!
BUT I'M AFRAID
THIS IS THE END FOR YOU.
Man B:
BUT...WHY!?
BECAUSE NOW THAT LAWTON
IS IN CHARGE OF THIS TOWN...
WE HAVE TO DO A LITTLE BIT OF
WHAT THEY CALL
"MANAGERIAL RESTRUCTURING."
WHICH MEANS THAT YOU
DEADBEATS ARE GONNA HAVE
TO DUEL EACH OTHER...
WINNER GETS TO KICK HIS FEET UP
AND ENJOY THE GOOD LIFE
HERE IN LAWTON TOWN.
LOSER GETS A ONE-WAY TICKET
TO THE MINES.
Red Scarves:
NO WAY.
UH...I'M OUTTA HERE!
HMPH!
UH!
WHERE DO YOU THINK
YOU'RE GOING, BUTTERCUP?
TAKE OUT
YOUR DUEL DISK!
AARGH...
COME ON, HELP ME!
DO SOMETHING SO WE CAN
GET OUTTA HERE TOGETHER.
GIMME A--AAARGH!
AAH!
ALLS I HAVE TO DO
IS WIN, YEAH?
ALRIGHT, I'M IN!
I CAN BEAT HIM!
WHAT!?
WHY YOU TWO-FACED
BACK STABBING TRAITOR!
YOU'RE GOING TO
REGRET THIS!
DON'T WORRY, YOU TWO.
YOU WON'T BE GOIN'
TO THE MINES.
YOU'RE GONNA BE BARBARA'S
PERSONAL ASSISTANTS.
AND DON'T EVEN THINK
ABOUT RUNNING AWAY.
YOU'RE GONNA LEARN
TO LEARN TO LIVE WITH
THE HAND
YOU'VE BEEN DEALT.
NUH-UH!
HM?
KALIN'S GONNA COME FOR US
AND HE'S GONNA SAVE US.
AND HE IS GONNA
TAKE YOU DOWN!
I'M AFRAID I GOT BAD
NEWS FOR YOU, LAD.
YOUR PAL KALIN
WENT BYE-BYE.
[LAUGHS]
MY DAD WOULD CLOBBER YOU!
IF HE WERE HERE...
AIN'T THAT SWEET...
YOU WANNA KNOW WHY
YOUR OLD MAN'S NOT HERE?
BECAUSE HE DIDN'T
KNOW HOW TO LIVE WITH
THE HAND HE WAS DEALT.
JUST LIKE THOSE TWO
OVER THERE.
[PANTING]
YOU THINK WE'LL HAVE
TO DUEL EACH OTHER?
[HARMONICA PLAYING]
HUH? WHERE'S THAT MUSIC
COMING FROM?
HUH?
HMM...
NO. NO WAY...
HA HA!
HA!
SO SORRY I'M LATE, KIDS...
THE TRAFFIC HERE WAS HORRIBLE.
KALIN!
I KNEW
HE'D COME!
HOW? I SAW HIM FALL.
SO THIS IS THE DEAL?
NOW HE'S TURNING YOU GUYS
AGAINST EACH OTHER...
ARE YOU GUYS SO BROKEN
AND DESPERATE
THAT YOU'LL LET THESE TWO
CALL ALL THE SHOTS?
YOU OUTNUMBER THEM, YOU KNOW.
HE'S GOT
A GOOD POINT.
THERE'S MORE OF US
THAN THERE ARE OF YOU.
DON'T BE ABSURD.
YOU DOLTS CAN BARELY
TIE YOUR SHOES.
YOU NEED A MAN LIKE ME
RUNNING THIS JOINT!
BUT LISTEN, YOU WANNA LEAVE,
GO AHEAD!
GOOD LUCK FINDING A PLACE
THAT'LL PUT UP WITH YOU.
MAYBE YOU SHOULD BE THE
ONE TO LEAVE, LAWTON.
AND MAYBE I SHOULD
BE THE ONE TO MAKE
YOU LEAVE.
HRMPH.
YOU MIGHT WANNA
CHANGE YOUR ATTITUDE.
WE'VE GOT OURSELVES SOMETHING
YOU MIGHT WANT.
Yusei: NOT FOR LONG!
[ENGINE WHIRRING]
YOU HEAR THAT NOISE?
I HEAR SOMETHING.
WHAT'S GOIN' ON?
WHOA!
WHAT IS HE DOING!?
YOU GUYS WANNA
GET OUTTA HERE!?
YOU BET WE DO!
I DON'T THINK SO! HA!
AH!
YUSEI!
ARE YOU OKAY?!
WELL, IF HE IS,
HE WON'T BE
SOON ENOUGH!
WELL, WELL, WELL.
I NEVER EXPECTED YOU TWO TO
CRAWL OUT OF THAT CANYON.
WHAT DO YOU BOYS SAY
THAT WE JUST FINISH THINGS
RIGHT HERE AND RIGHT NOW?
I'LL DUEL BOTH OF YOU
AT THE SAME TIME,
HOW ABOUT IT?
YEAH, THAT'S PRETTY MUCH
WHAT WE CAME HERE FOR.
YUP. AND THEN,
ONCE WE'VE WON,
YOU AND BARBARA ARE
GONNA LEAVE THIS TOWN.
GRR...
DON'T DO IT.
JUST GET OUT OF HERE
WHILE YOU CAN,
YOU GUYS!
I PROMISED YOUR DAD
I'D KEEP YOU SAFE
AND SOUND.
AND THAT'S EXACTLY
WHAT I INTEND TO DO.
SO JUST HANG TIGHT
FOR A BIT.
THIS WON'T TAKE
TOO LONG.
OH...
THIS DUEL DISK BELONGS
TO SOMEONE STUCK
IN THOSE MINES.
I'M HERE TO HONOR HIS
NAME AND EVERYONE ELSE
WHO CAME HERE
AND GAVE UP ON HOPE.
AND ON THEMSELVES.
HE'S SO COOL...
TO ANYONE WHO'S BEEN
KICKED AROUND AND MADE
TO FEEL SMALL...
I'M HERE TO HELP YOU
RISE UP AND FIGHT BACK!
WOW, HE SURE KNOWS
HOW TO TALK PRETTY
AND GIVE A ROUSING SPEECH.
HE SURE DOES.
WHAT A JOKE.
HE SURE LIKES THE SOUND
OF HIS OWN VOICE,
DOESN'T HE?
LET HIM HAVE HIS
LITTLE DRAMATIC MOMENT.
AFTER ALL...
A MAN'S ENTITLED
TO HIS LAST WORDS.
SINCE THIS IS A TWO-ON-ONE
SITUATION WE'RE IN...
I'M STARTING
WITH A SMALL HANDICAP.
SO TO EVEN THINGS UP,
I'LL BEGIN THE DUEL
WITH 10 CARDS.
[THINKING]
10 CARDS IN HIS HAND
RIGHT AT THE START...
HE'S PROBABLY HOPING
TO GO FIRST
AND TAKE US BOTH OUT
WITH SOME KIND OF
AMAZING COMBO.
WHAT DO YOU SAY?
KALIN, WE CAN'T.
HE'S GONNA--
ALRIGHT, YOU'RE ON,
LAWTON.
HUH. OKAY, THEN.
HA HA!
THAT'S THE SPIRIT!
NOW YOU BOYS KNOW HOW THINGS
WORK AROUND HERE, DON'T YA?
HE WHO DRAWS FASTEST
GOES FIRST.
LET'S DO IT!
I'M NERVOUS.
THOSE TWO CAN BEAT HIM.
I KNOW THEY CAN.
[HORSE NEIGHS]
LET'S DUEL!
HUH. OKAY,
THAT WAS FAST.
LOOKS LIKE I'LL BE
GOING FIRST, GENTLEMEN.
THIS IS IT, KALIN.
YOU READY?
OF COURSE.
AND WHEN THE DUST SETTLES...
WE'LL BE
THE LAST MEN STANDING.
IT'S MY MOVE!
I SUMMON GATLING OGRE
TO THE FIELD!
AND WITH THAT DONE...
VICTORY WILL SOON BE MINE.
SEE, THANKS TO GATLING OGRE'S
SPECIAL ABILITY,
FOR EVERY FACEDOWN SPELL
OR TRAP CARD
THAT I SEND
TO THE GRAVEYARD,
ONE OF YOU WILL GET SERVED
WITH 800 POINTS OF DAMAGE.
[THINKING]
AND WITH 10 CARDS,
HE CAN TAKE US
BOTH OUT.
HOWEVER,
BY ACTIVATING
THIS CARD,
I CAN SHUT
GATLING OGRE DOWN.
DON'T MAKE A MOVE, YUSEI.
HUH?
BRING IT ON.
REALLY NOW?
THIS IS YOUR ONLY CHANCE
TO STOP ME.
GOIN' ONCE...
GOIN' TWICE...
ALRIGHT, IF YOU WANT IT...
I'LL GIVE IT TO YA'!
AH!
PLAY SOMETHING!
WHAT'S HE DOING?
THIS LOOKS BAD!
HMM.
AH! UH!
KALIN, NO!
NO WAY.
HE LOST ALREADY?
[LAUGHTER]
NOW THAT WAS EASIER THAN
STEALIN' CANDY FROM A BABY.
NOW...AS FOR--WHA...
[COLLECTIVE GASP]
ARE YOU GUYS
SEEING THIS?
HOW IS HE STANDING!?
Lawton: WHAT IS THIS?
WHAT'S GOIN' ON?...
YOU'RE DONE!
NOW LIE DOWN
LIKE THE LOSER YOU ARE!
I DON'T THINK SO.
IT'LL TAKE MORE THAN THAT
GATLING OGRE OF YOURS
TO KEEP ME DOWN...
I'D LIKE YOU TO MEET
A FRIEND OF MINE.
WHAT IN THE WORLD
IS THAT THING?
WHEN MY LIFE POINTS
BECOME ZERO
DUE TO DAMAGE
FROM AN EFFECT...
I CAN SUMMON INFERNITY ZERO
IN DEFENSE MODE
BY DISCARDING EVERY OTHER CARD
IN MY HAND.
AND WITH INFERNITY ZERO
ON MY FIELD, I CAN'T LOSE...
EVEN IF MY LIFE POINTS
DROP ALL THE WAY TO ZERO.
BUT FOR EVERY 500 POINTS
OF DAMAGE I TAKE,
I GAIN A DOOM COUNTER.
AND WHEN I'VE GOT
3 DOOM COUNTERS,
INFERNITY ZERO
IS DESTROYED.
AND THEN SO AM I.
YOU MEAN YOU--
YOU CAN KEEP ON DUELING
AFTER I'VE BEATEN YOU!?
HE'S SO AWESOME.
[SNICKERING]
YOU ARE ONE
CREEPY LITTLE PUNK...
YOU KNOW THAT, RIGHT?
MAYBE.
BUT THIS
CREEPY LITTLE PUNK
IS GONNA BE THE END
OF YOU, LAWTON.
WE'LL JUST SEE ABOUT THAT.
I STILL HAVE PLENTY
OF POWER LEFT.
JUST YOU WATCH!
KALIN! THIS'LL PUT
YOU DOWN FOR GOOD.
AH!
FINISH HIM!
NOT SO FAST!
I CAN TAKE
INFERNITY DOOM SLINGER
FROM MY GRAVEYARD
AND REMOVE IT ENTIRELY
FROM PLAY TO NEGATE
YOUR ATTACK.
AS FOR WHAT HAPPENS
AFTER THAT, WELL...
THAT'S ENTIRELY UP
TO YOU, LAWTON.
I'M GONNA DRAW
THE TOP CARD ON MY DECK,
AND IF THIS CARD ENDS UP
BEING A MONSTER CARD,
YOU'LL GET SLAMMED WITH
4,800 POINTS OF DAMAGE.
AND I'M AFRAID THAT'S
GOING TO BE ALL SHE
WROTE FOR YOU, LAWTON.
HOWEVER, IF THIS CARD
ISN'T A MONSTER CARD,
THEN I TAKE 4,000
POINTS OF DAMAGE,
WHICH WOULD SLAP ME
WITH 3 DOOM COUNTERS
REQUIRED TO
FINISH ME OFF.
OR YOU COULD CHOOSE
NOT TO RISK IT,
IN WHICH CASE YOU CAN'T
DISH OUT ANY MORE DAMAGE
THIS TURN.
SO...WHAT'LL IT BE?
[THINKING]
HE CAN'T ATTACK
ON HIS FIRST TURN...
SO THERE'S NO REASON
FOR ME TO FLIRT WITH
AN ALL-OR-NOTHING RISK.
I'M GONNA END MY TURN.
WHAT'S WRONG, LAWTON?
I THOUGHT YOU HAD GUTS.
I DO HAVE GUTS.
BUT YOU SEE, I'VE ALSO
GOT BRAINS, KALIN.
I STOOD TO LOSE MORE
THAN I STOOD TO GAIN.
IF YOU SAY SO.
[THINKING]
WHAT IS THAT CARD?
WHAT DID HE DRAW?
THAT WAS A BAD CALL.
I PLACE ONE CARD
FACEDOWN AND END
MY TURN.
[THINKING]
SO IT WASN'T A MONSTER CARD.
IF I'D TAKEN THE CHANCE,
I WOULDA HAD HIM.
IT'S MY TURN!
I SUMMON JUSTICE
BRINGER TO THE FIELD
IN ATTACK MODE!
Duel Runner Computer:
DURING YOUR OPPONENT'S TURN,
JUSTICE BRINGER NEGATES
THE SPECIAL ABILITIES
OF YOUR OPPONENT'S
SPECIAL SUMMONED MONSTERS.
[THINKING]
NOW, ON LAWTON'S
NEXT TURN,
I CAN SEAL AWAY
GATLING OGRE BY
USING THIS TRAP.
I KNOW YOU'RE SITTIN' ON
THE EFFECT VEILER TRAP CARD!
WHICH IS WHY I'M ACTIVATIN'
A TRAP CARD OF MY OWN.
PINPOINT SHOT!
BY CORRECTLY GUESSING A CARD
THAT'S IN YOUR HAND,
I SEND THAT CARD
TO THE GRAVEYARD.
I PLACE ONE CARD FACEDOWN
AND END MY TURN.
[THINKING]
THIS GUY'S SMART,
AND HE KNOWS
HOW TO ADAPT.
IF WE DON'T FIGURE
OUT A WAY TO GET
AHEAD OF HIM,
HE'S GONNA FINISH US.
IT'S MY TURN! YEAH!
FIRST, I'M PUTTING
GATLING OGRE IN DEFENSE MODE.
NEXT, I'M ACTIVATING
AN EQUIP SPELL FROM MY HAND--
DOUBLE ARMS!
NOW GATLING OGRE
CAN DOLE OUT
TWICE AS MUCH DAMAGE
AS IT COULD BEFORE.
SO WE'RE TALKING
1,600 POINTS OF DAMAGE.
I AM NOT LIKING
THE SOUND OF THAT.
I WOULDN'T WORRY, YUSEI,
YOU'LL BE FINE.
HE'S AFTER ME.
YOU GOT THAT RIGHT!
IT'S OVER FOR YOU, KALIN!
NOW FINISH HIM!
I REVEAL THE DODGE
ROLL TRAP CARD!
THIS CARD PROTECTS ME FROM
DAMAGE FOR ONE TIME ONLY.
GOOD THING I CAN'T
JUST ATTACK ONE TIME ONLY!
GO!
I ACTIVATE MY TRAP!
HALF SHIELD!
THIS TRAP CUTS DAMAGE
FROM ONE OF YOUR
MONSTERS IN HALF!
A DOOM COUNTER.
JUST ONE, THOUGH.
HA HA!
I GOTTA SAY,
FOR SOMEONE WHO GAVE UP
LIVING THEIR DREAMS,
YOU DON'T KNOW WHEN
TO GIVE UP ON A DUEL.
YOU'RE HOLDING ON WITH
EVERYTHING YOU'VE GOT.
BUT YOU CAN'T HOLD ON
FOREVER.
HMPH!
YEAH...
YOU'RE PROBABLY RIGHT
ABOUT THAT.
SO WHY NOT GO AHEAD
AND FINISH ME OFF?
HUH?
YOU CAN, RIGHT?
SO GO ON, DO IT.
[THINKING]
I'VE ONLY GOT ENOUGH
RIGHT NOW
TO GIVE HIM ONE MORE
DOOM COUNTER.
I MIGHT AS WELL,
BUT...AH.
C'MON, LAWTON.
I'M RIGHT HERE.
WHAT ARE YOU WAITING FOR?
ATTACK.
[THINKING]
IS KALIN LEAVING
EVERYTHING
UP TO FATE AGAIN?
OR IS HE
BAITING HIM?
WHAT ARE YOU WAITING
FOR, TOUGH GUY?
LET ME HAVE IT.
[THINKING]
I KNOW WHAT HE'S DOING.
HE'S TRYING TO SUCKER ME
INTO RUNNIN' OUT OF MY AMMO.
FORGET IT.
I END MY TURN.
IT'S YOUR MOVE, KALIN.
HEY, UH...
YOU DID EXPECT ME
TO USE HALF SHIELD
JUST NOW, DIDN'T YOU?
YOU'RE NOT TRYING
TO LOSE ON PURPOSE,
ARE YOU?
OF COURSE I'M NOT.
I'VE GOT WAY TOO MUCH
TO FIGHT FOR
TO JUST ROLL OVER,
YUSEI.
THE SORROW AND PAIN OF THOSE
I SENT TO THE MINES,
THE PROMISE I MADE TO THE FATHER
OF THOSE KIDS.
WHEN I CONVINCED MYSELF
THAT YOU BETRAYED ME, YUSEI...
I LET MYSELF
GO OFF THE DEEP END.
I BECAME SELF-ABSORBED,
THINKING ONLY OF ME.
LIVING AND DUELING
ONLY FOR ME.
I DIDN'T CARE WHO I HURT.
AND THEN AFTERWARDS,
WHEN YOU DEFEATED ME,
I SAW WHAT I HAD BECOME.
I WAS SO LOST.
I JUST....
I GAVE UP.
BUT I GET IT NOW.
I WAS LOOKING WITHIN, TRYING TO
FIND SOMETHING WORTH SAVING,
BUT IT NEVER OCCURRED TO ME
TO LOOK OUT, TO HELP OTHERS.
WHAT DO YOU MEAN?
I DON'T CARE
ABOUT MYSELF.
BUT BY LETTING MYSELF
CARE ABOUT OTHER PEOPLE,
I HAVE FOUND A NEW PURPOSE.
AND I'VE GOT SOMETHING
TO FIGHT FOR!
LET'S DO THIS!
I SUMMON INFERNITY ARCHFIEND
TO THE FIELD IN ATTACK MODE!
WHEN I DRAW
THIS MONSTER CARD
AND I'VE GOT NO OTHER CARDS
IN MY HAND,
I CAN INSTANTLY SUMMON IT.
AND WHEN IT'S BEEN
SUCCESSFULLY SUMMONED
AND I'M ONCE AGAIN
HOLDING NO CARDS,
I CAN ADD ONE INFERNITY MONSTER
FROM MY DECK TO MY HAND.
SO NOW I SUMMON THE MONSTER CARD
INFERNITY MIRAGE TO THE FIELD.
MY HAND IS EMPTY AGAIN,
WHICH MEANS I CAN RELEASE
INFERNITY MIRAGE
AND SUMMON TWO
INFERNITY MONSTERS
FROM MY GRAVEYARD
TO TAKE ITS PLACE.
SO I'M SUMMONING
INFERNITY BEETLE
AND INFERNITY BEAST
IN ATTACK MODE!
NOW, I ACTIVATE
MY BEETLE'S ABILITY!
BY SACRIFICING
ONE INFERNITY BEETLE,
I CAN SUMMON
TWO MORE INFERNITY BEETLES
FROM MY DECK, HAND,
OR GRAVEYARD.
PRETTY GOOD.
I MAY'VE UNDERESTIMATED
THIS PUNK.
GREAT JOB, KALIN!
IF ALL THOSE
ATTACKS SUCCEED,
THIS DUEL IS OURS!
LAWTON, YOU--
YOU BETTER NOT LET
THOSE BOYS BEAT YOU!
IS IT BAD THAT I LIKE
SEEING HER GET SO UPSET?
NOT AT ALL.
NOW I'LL USE
INFERNITY BEETLE NUMBER 1
TO ATTACK GATLING OGRE!
NOT SO FAST, I REVEAL
THE BACK ATTACK AMBUSH TRAP!
AND WITH THIS IN PLAY,
THE BATTLE PHASE ENDS,
AND THEN FOR EVERY MONSTER
YOU HAVE ON YOUR FIELD
IN ATTACK MODE,
I CAN SUMMON
AN AMBUSH TOKEN TO MY FIELD.
AND HERE'S THE THING
I JUST LOVE ABOUT
AMBUSH TOKENS--
FOR EVERY ONE
THAT I RELEASE,
GUESS WHO'S GONNA TAKE
500 POINTS OF DAMAGE.
YOU!
THAT'LL GIVE HIM
3 DOOM COUNTERS.
HE'LL BE OUT OF THE DUEL.
OH, NO!
YOU SHOW 'EM HOW IT'S DONE,
SWEETIE-PIE!
YOU JUST DON'T GET IT.
PUNKS LIKE YOU DON'T GET TO
TAKE DOWN MEN LIKE ME, KALIN.
MEN LIKE ME EAT PUNKS
LIKE YOU FOR BREAKFAST!
YOU'RE FINISHED!
I ACTIVATE
JUSTICE BRINGER'S
SPECIAL ABILITY!
LOOKS LIKE
YOUR AMBUSH TOKEN'S
AREN'T GOING TO BE
AMBUSHING ANYONE'S
LIFE POINTS NOW.
YOU'RE GOING TO PAY
FOR THAT.
HA HA!
HE SAVED HIM.
GO, YUSEI!
GRR...
THANKS, PAL.
NICE TRY, LAWTON.
BUT KALIN AND I
ARE TAKING YOU OUT.